Ideas:

character profile editor
  choose basic template, and select which items you want
  random suggestions for each item, or examples
  emotional arc
  how does character change?
outline editor
story structure editor -- answer questions (see notes from Orycon)

writing prompts
synopsis editor
beat sheet editor
conflict brainstorming
suspense brainstorming

I know gamification has got a really bad rep, but I'd also
like to think of ways to make using this tool fun in itself.
Whether that's by adding game-related elements is an open
question. I'm not sure it makes sense to "be" a game, at least
not in the sense that the late Bernard Suits meant by "games
are a voluntary attempt to overcome unnecessary obstacles" (golf
is a good example -- there are easier ways to put a ball in 
a cup, if for some reason that's something that you need to
do). 

But some elements might be quite fun, such as:
a) animations
b) surprises
c) score (e.g. you get more points the closer you come to a complete story)
d) easter eggs
e) humor

The trick is to come up with fun things like that without losing
sight of what it's actually for.

The most complete character name generator I've seen so far is:
http://www.behindthename.com/random/

They let you pick how many middle names you want, generate an optional last
name if you want, and have options for a LOT of different types of names:

 African, Albanian, Arabic, Armenian, Azerbaijani, Basque, Breton, Bulgarian,
 Catalan, Chinese, Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, English, Esperanto, Estonian,
 Finnish, French, Frisian, Galician, Georgian, German, Greek, Hawaiian, Hungarian,
 Icelandic, Igbo, Indian, Indonesian, Irish, Italian, Japanese, Jewish, Kazakh,
 Khmer, Korean, Latvian, Limburgish, Lithuanian, Macedonian, Maori, Native American,
 Norwegian, Occitan, Pakistani, Persian, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Russian,
 Scottish, Serbian, Slovak, Slovene, Spanish, Swedish, Thai, Turkish, Ukrainian,
 Vietnamese, Welsh, Yoruba

 As well as various flavors of:
 Mythology, Ancient, Biblical, History, Literature, Theology, Fairy, Goth, Hillbilly,
 Hippy, Kreatyve, Rapper, Transformer, Witch, Wrestler, Fantasy

That base website has a ton of data about both first names and surnames, as well.

I think for our purposes, we don't really need nearly that number of types. I think maybe
male or female, a handful of countries where it might be seen, and a link off to
that website if people want to go nuts.

Another idea is to just toss random words in the air together to see if any of them 
or combination of them sparks an idea for the current story. On mac there is a big
file of English words in /usr/share/dict/words (235886 words on mine, currently), so
pulling a few out of there at random would be pretty easy. I assume there's an 
equivalent thing for linux, assuming that that's where the web server is running.

For character background, I think it would be fun to generate options for:
 * family
 * places (lived, traveled to, currently in, etc.)
 * physical attributes / health (injuries, allergies, weight, height, mental health - depression, anxiety, etc.)
 * education (degrees, interests)
 * hobbies

Other characters attributes:
 * age
 * psychology / personality
 * philosophy of life
 * attitude - optimist, pessimist, pragmatist, ...
 * beliefs
 * friends
 * pets
 * style - how they dress, cut their hair, etc.  Are they neat or sloppy?


